Add League to adopters list (#843)
falcosecurity/falco: ADOPTERS.md

* [Preferral](https://www.preferral.com) - Preferral is a HIPAA-compliant platform for Referral Management and Online Referral Forms. Preferral streamlines the referral process for patients, specialists and their referral partners. By automating the referral process, referring practices spend less time on the phone, manual efforts are eliminated, and patients get the right care from the right specialist. Preferral leverages Falco to provide a Host Intrusion Detection System to meet their HIPPA compliance requirements. 
  * https://hipaa.preferral.com/01-preferral_hipaa_compliance/

> * [League](https://league.com/ca/) - League provides health benefits management services to help employees understand and get the most from their benefits, and employers to provide effective, efficient plans. Falco is used to monitor our deployed services on Kubernetes, protecting against malicious access to containerswhich could lead to leaks of PHI or other sensitive data. The Falco alerts are logged in Stackdriver for grouping and further analysis. In the future, we're hoping for integrations with Prometheus and AlertManaager as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [League](https://league.com/ca/) - League provides health benefits management services to help employees understand and get the most from their benefits, and employers to provide effective, efficient plans. Falco is used to monitor our deployed services on Kubernetes, protecting against malicious access to containers which could lead to leaks of PHI or other sensitive data. The Falco alerts are logged in Stackdriver for grouping and further analysis. In the future, we're hoping for integrations with Prometheus and AlertManaager as well.
```

> * [League](https://league.com/ca/) - League provides health benefits management services to help employees understand and get the most from their benefits, and employers to provide effective, efficient plans. Falco is used to monitor our deployed services on Kubernetes, protecting against malicious access to containers which could lead to leaks of PHI or other sensitive data. The Falco alerts are logged in Stackdriver for grouping and further analysis. In the future, we're hoping for integrations with Prometheus and AlertManager as well.

Reviewer 2: League should be placed before Preferral as this list is in alphabetical order
